chore(docs): added missing `CSS shadow parts` for components to docs (v9) (#6061)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/rare-actors-marry.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
---

> Added missing CSS shadow part documentation for `<post-accordion-item>` and `<post-tabs>` components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documented CSS shadow part for the `<post-accordion-item>` and `<post-tabs>` components.
```
